Galaxy A10e: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, are we good you can hear me and see me okay
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Enjoying that joke that you told
Gwenevere Abriel: Lyme disease.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, yeah.
Galaxy A10e: You see that one. I sent you his all
Galaxy A10e: Look at me. You got the wires, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank goodness it isn't contagious through my contact. I'm really been a lot of trouble.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, they're seeing that they might shut down our company in the week. It gets worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Hmm, how would that affect you. If you could you pull it off. Can you still pay your phone bill and that kind of thing.
Galaxy A10e: Oh yeah, I got my received. Oh, smart, smart, smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: More time for us to meet
Haha
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got jokes to
Let me see we got here. Let's get in the database.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, looks like we last met march 3 today is 17 YouTubers, where we add on our. We've got time. We don't have to do that. Good, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me leave off, we do.
Galaxy A10e: Practice.
Gwenevere Abriel: belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you actually do any of that belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Yeah. Did you even remember it, or is it like I listened to you when and then I hang up and I go on with my life, and I only think about the stuff we talked about what's it really like out there for you.
Galaxy A10e: Nice. I didn't think about it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how many times over the last few days. Have you noticed that you were irritable.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that you will see you have a range in your mind right
Galaxy A10e: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, cuz you said that irritable.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. Wasn't irritable Dino's irritable on the team. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What tends to irritation.
Galaxy A10e: Loud noises
Gwenevere Abriel: What about inter personally what irritates you
Galaxy A10e: Don't like is when people stick their hands in a potato chip bag or regional Alfred ship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Double differs
Galaxy A10e: Know, just people that reach her up for the chip inside the bag.
Galaxy A10e: Making all kinds of oil know that she bothers me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's a noise, too.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about inter personally and that means talking to another person.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's something that can irritate interpersonal
Gwenevere Abriel: So in general, over the last few weeks. Are you noticing a decrease in irritability.
Galaxy A10e: haven't really been around. Oh, my dear team here really legitimately go around the body. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good conversations with your children can be
Galaxy A10e: More my son just told me send me my birth certificate for and get my license and kind of find out the lighting never even sent it.
Galaxy A10e: Should really pissed me off.
Galaxy A10e: Was want to call the customer.
Galaxy A10e: When was that yesterday's FOOTBALL YESTERDAY.
Galaxy A10e: Just because I get my license back now and I did my first have kidney at it. He sent me a thing as a hey I need that instead of me having to go get one.
Galaxy A10e: Hey, all the government places are closed down. Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. So earlier I asked you if you had any irritation. You said then that that irritated me
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we found something when we continue talking it kind of can can come forward a little bit.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your solution was
Gwenevere Abriel: I could call them and tell them off.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not
Galaxy A10e: Yes.
Galaxy A10e: Or no
Galaxy A10e: Or, you know, surely piss me off that she really pissed me off that he did that to me. Like why would he lie to me like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not a fortune teller. I can't give
Galaxy A10e: You the liar. I didn't think it was a liar like that and
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you written him off as a liar. At this point,
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. Now I know you like, you like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know that he
Galaxy A10e: My daughter called me and told me that he never sent you that he lied.
Gwenevere Abriel: So he caught. He had said, I put it in the mail.
Galaxy A10e: Sorry already mailed it off to you. Okay, then my daughter called me yesterday and said is let you know keep nurse of the. I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not, why not your daughter is a liar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why can't the donor be a liar.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah LDC NGO
Galaxy A10e: What
Galaxy A10e: It was all day. She called me lying to me about the
Gwenevere Abriel: But he was
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, he told she just told me the story of why he didn't send it that he was busy and he just lied to me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold that right there. Remember that list that just this concept of why would he do it. Why would he do it. Why would he do it right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember that list of
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember them in your colon if behaviors list.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember that list.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I do. Yeah, we wrote it all down our answers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember any of them.
Galaxy A10e: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No one expects a pop quiz from their therapist, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Like we just talked about now talking about feelings is a little bit more appealing, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just, I'm going to pull this list up to see if I can find it and trigger trigger the memory here. I think it's kind of relevant
Gwenevere Abriel: You all these icons are too small.
Galaxy A10e: To
Dude,
Gwenevere Abriel: Little documents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: clicked it
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you think people manipulate, just in general.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. But it's not just get what we want. Because look, please can you take your headphones off. Wait, don't do it. I'm just giving an example. Please can you take your headphones off, I want to look at your ears. I want to watch the color as it changes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you feel in your head.
Galaxy A10e: No.
Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. I don't assume that you don't want to do it. I just asked directly, notice
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't just to get what we want. There's another ingredient to that recipe.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the other piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you do, you know, they probably don't want it to. And they don't wanna do it okay get what you want from others, even when the others are not willing to initially to give it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a reason dishonesty dishonest to get people to do or act in a way which they might not have freely chosen on their
Own
Gwenevere Abriel: Con people to believe that what you want them to believe it's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: present reality, the way you want others to see it rather than the way it really is because sometimes we wear a mask. Like, I might say oh yes I'm loving and I'm so happy. But really, I'm not. I'm just
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, but this way, I don't, I'm not ask follow up questions. I don't, I can kind of get this
Over with.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's dishonesty right presenting reality particular way. So hide behind a mask and let people see you in an acceptable way. When in reality, you're actually feeling or acting in an unacceptable way.
Gwenevere Abriel: maintain control and power over others, even though they think they have to have the weapon meaning to change that have the control and power.
Gwenevere Abriel: make other people feel sorry for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though it would be better for them to make you accept your personal responsibility for your own actions. Hmm. Another motivator get away with not having to do things necessary to meet your obligations responsibilities and duties in life.
Gwenevere Abriel: make other people what make others feel guilty or responsible for actions or thoughts which are yours alone get others to feel that they are responsible for your welfare, so you do not have to make a decision or take responsibility for anything that goes wrong in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: So these are some of them play the victim by the martyr act helpless stupid incompetent act angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is the one I'm thinking about
Gwenevere Abriel: It may not be the only one. But I'm thinking about your son right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're calling a lie.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm wondering is,
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's another motivation behind it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That word placate
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: What does that mean,
I'm gonna find it. You see it.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's this one I'm pretty sure it's number eight. The one I've got highlighted.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a fancy word for it. I think it is. Uh huh. Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's what
Galaxy A10e: It means right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, so watch vacations going to look like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm a client and you're my therapist, it's going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I'm gonna, you know, I'm going to do is I'm going to taper down half a milligram every week.
Galaxy A10e: Almost such a low dose, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't get hung up on
Galaxy A10e: Guys are killing me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking about grocery shopping
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Love going to Costco. It's my favorite thing driving 25 minutes away. I'm happy to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I do it. I'll do it every week.
Now,
Do you call what I just did a lie.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted to get stopped. I wanted to stop talking to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I may or may not go to Costco, but I, I know you want to hear that. I like going because I know you hate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't actually like going myself, but I don't want to argue and I don't want to make you angry or disappointed. I just anything you want up trouble twice a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now to call what I'm doing a lie.
Galaxy A10e: Do color, like I say, if you're going to do, say you're going to do something you don't do it. It's a lie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember, which ones. These that you endorsed, which means you do
Galaxy A10e: And I think, was he was eating.
Galaxy A10e: The night. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you call this just now lie right
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't like when people lie. They don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Do exactly what they say there's an inconsistency with what they're doing with what they said.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Acting compliant behind the scenes really doing the opposite being non compliant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are both of these line eight nine.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what's it like to say out loud. I do this line behavior to
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it feel like to see it in yourself for just a moment.
Galaxy A10e: But you know what, I would never, I would never tell somebody. I'm going to send something that is indeed.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so within a little longer. You jumped off that real quick, like it was a hot potato.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, because I would never do that though, I will never tell you I sent off to the sides of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we're not talking about sending anything I'm asking sit with Evernote for just a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it like to sit with I lie to what's it like for you, Sean with
Galaxy A10e: No idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like it either. Let me tell you what because right I'm supposed to be this honest person. I'm a therapist. How could I
Galaxy A10e: WANT EVERYBODY lies. Everybody does.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at all the slick ways like it doesn't say just lie.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's all these different things.
Gwenevere Abriel: They might be serving because we're in denial, we might be unconscious of them. We're trying to protect someone's feelings. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if there was something else going on behind the scenes with your son, hold on to it. I know your your reference standard is
Gwenevere Abriel: If I wouldn't do it. Then I hold people to the same measure. But there's other measuring sticks. There's other things to measure one's behavior by not just mine. I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Make everyone sort of measure up to how I do things right. I kind of say is it adaptive. What is it doing kind of look behind the curtain like wonder what what they're getting out of that kind of look what's going on behind that.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not the reference standard
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're you're using. Laughter A little bit. You got a little giggle. So let's look a little closer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you imagine ever saying to someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever you want. Yeah, I'll do it because they were afraid because maybe you were afraid because you wanted to look good, because you didn't want to have an argument.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has there ever been something other going on. Besides, I'm thinking, all I'm going to do is lie to this person, like, are you, are you aware that maybe you to have had other motivations for Miss truth telling
Gwenevere Abriel: Minimizing
Galaxy A10e: Under requires minimizing your involvement.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about I got a great one under reporting.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you did some underreporting earlier. Right, let's just play with it. Play with me play a game. I said, Hey, you got any irritability said not that much.
Galaxy A10e: Lastly, I do my, my mom here teaching
Gwenevere Abriel: But when we looked further. Didn't you end up saying
Gwenevere Abriel: I was pissed off mad at my son.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we look a little
Galaxy A10e: Like laughing his ass.
Gwenevere Abriel: You. I think you're a liar.
Galaxy A10e: Liar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I think you're a liar. You didn't say, but you were mad, which is even more intense and irritation. Do I think you're a liar.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it. You do I want to hang up on you and call you names. I do not
Gwenevere Abriel: You know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know why it doesn't bother me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I don't think of it as like
Galaxy A10e: Wow, you don't think
Gwenevere Abriel: I look behind the curtain like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does that help you
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: It might mean she'll lay off show back off, she'll stop asking. I don't want to talk about my feelings. It's hard. It's uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: This isn't how I grew up. I don't want to do this. I'm not. I know anger. I know when someone has wronged me offended me that I'm familiar with and I can really get into that we can talk about all my justifications for being right but this feeling stuff this squishy stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just going to tell her haven't been irritable and maybe she'll back off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, that's my hypothesis. Why do you think you under reported to irritability over the last couple weeks.
Galaxy A10e: All i think is at the time. I'm not thinking about really what I guess about thinking I'm always here to. Yes. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you're not irritated. Now it's past its fun
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I don't think of you as a liar. But can you picture someone out there might call what you did miss truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And get offended and insulted and how rude have
Gwenevere Abriel: Lots of different ways to interpret people's behavior, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I don't take it personally.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see if you have the wait. Wait for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if it's a skill, Sean. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: You is when we're kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we're kids. You don't have this, so I'm checking to see because you're you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a man, you're, you're an adult and but it doesn't mean that we learn these skills along the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people, especially if there's a long history of incarceration stuff, whether it's developmental trauma or hasn't been sort of a healthy caregiver, they don't teach this skill which is
Gwenevere Abriel: People are going to do things that will offend you, on the surface.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it has nothing to do with your value. It has to do with their just dealing with whatever's going on in their head in their life and their
Gwenevere Abriel: They just took it out on you, but it could have been someone else. It has nothing to do with you. He just happened to be in front of them when they were having their little tantrum, you just happen to be moving through their life you happen to be on the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the next person in a text exchange. It happened to be in front of them when they were in a mood. It had nothing to do with your value.
Gwenevere Abriel: That isn't how most people take that initial response of being offended disrespected insulted. That isn't what most people do if they haven't had that training when they were coming up and they were growing up, most people go to. How dare you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to prove that you're the wrong one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And off it goes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That person never learns how to learn the skill either Shawn
Galaxy A10e: And
Galaxy A10e: Guess what.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then they do the same thing to you. And then guess what you do. Well, now you're wrong. Well, then you're wrong. And now you're wrong. And now your will and now we have another generation.
Galaxy A10e: Of everybody's wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Having the ability
Gwenevere Abriel: To be able to distinguish. What's your shit versus mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever your son is going through over here if you weren't mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd be able to sit with it longer. And look, you pull aside the curtain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'd investigate
Gwenevere Abriel: You would choose curiosity over being right. You're just used to doing it this way. But there are other ways to go about that dynamic
Gwenevere Abriel: People do what they do, Sean, you have done what you have done, I have done he, she, all of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all we knew it's all we know it's adaptive we have come to learn this because it worked. Now at some point you're going to be measuring what's working with a different measuring stick. Now I offer some measuring sticks. Sometimes I'll say, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's measure it with safety or intimacy or I might measure it with
Gwenevere Abriel: Rapport there might be different ways to measure, let's say relationships trust is a really important one.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you measure the trust between you and your son. Instead, we just said it wasn't based on
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you tell the truth or don't you if let's say that measuring stick. We put it in in this little container off on the side. And instead, we're going to measure how we're doing around trust. We're going to look a relationship between myself and my son myself and my son.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do we measure trust. Do you know I can measure trust between you and your son.
Galaxy A10e: Or we know not good.
Galaxy A10e: Well,
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: You you had an opportunity and you know you can go back and you can do it again. Be good to go back. It isn't just like you live. It's over. And you can never be trusted again.
Galaxy A10e: And see, that's where I felt I felt like never calling them again.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I thought so mad, but I'm gonna see my son. I love it.
Galaxy A10e: I'm gonna call it
Galaxy A10e: Well, he acted like it like I'm never gonna call us again that's I feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's love withdrawal, Sean. That's a painful thing to feel as a child.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's a last resort thing to do as a parent to pull the love away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Called a level way. Huh, what is before we don't even know him.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's behind the curtain.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's behind the curtain. Hey, son.
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard you send it to get busy or just kind of tell me to tell me to do it when you really Wait, didn't have time. What's up with that now I can't say anything even close to that when I'm offended. I can't, I'm so angry true you click by
Gwenevere Abriel: But if I say what's behind the curtain was, I'm going to get to know him. I want to let him know he can trust me, even in this early phase, getting to know each other.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, he just came back from California to. So I think he was out there with his girlfriend. They went to California together.
Galaxy A10e: Maybe so he was telling me when he was in California that he did send it when you did Tony did
Gwenevere Abriel: You forgot, and he wanted to tell you because he wants a relationship with you wants to look like he's compliant and a good boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Behind the curtain stuff you understand it's behind you look and say it's not to offend you, and dis you
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it's not that thing. What if it's this person. He's a kid, you know, it's all about girls and immediate gratification and, do I look good feel good. What's the next one. What's the next one. What's the next one fun fun fun fun fun fun fun long term nothing about long term.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, you don't have to because you're interested in long term. Do you see it. I want a relationship with my son, the Infinity to
Gwenevere Abriel: I see. I see what you have to. You can see it gave me login and your long term memory. I saw what you were doing all right. All right. All right y'all, check that out. Next time or two calls from now find out what's up with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're talking about investment in long term you want to have a relationship with him long term. It's not just about this infraction, he doesn't know you
Galaxy A10e: Know he
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't know if you're going to lose it on him. If you say, Dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I forgot. And I told you I did it when I really didn't and
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I'm so mad at you that I told you, I'm so mad at you and I have such deep resentment. I told you I did it because I want you to hurt like I heard
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are different conversations and they'll never happen. Click never talk to you again don't never happen. If you can't learn this skill. I'm talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a skill. Trust me, because once you try and do it. You're gonna be like
Gwenevere Abriel: Who are rather be pissed off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's hard because your ego is going to say we're going to die if we do not prove this kid wrong. I feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm telling you, it will feel like life or death. So, you know, I make it look easy. But let me tell you something. The moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're offended.
And somebody
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to want to remember that breathing. Then I'll tell you what, then
Galaxy A10e: Right. Totally. I got an argument that guy work ever since then, we've had a good relationship.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, I guess he called
Galaxy A10e: He called us some other guy before and he's all. Yeah, that guy. Did you know so i guess he thought that he's calling me brother when he called me out of a what
Galaxy A10e: A little. Go ahead. Alright, I'll break runners and then it was good. Really cool.
Galaxy A10e: Well thank you tested here so
Gwenevere Abriel: I accept that there is a piece of mail and sort of street tough culture that I will never know firsthand. I just have to own that I going to own it. But I will say there's a
Gwenevere Abriel: There's this there's this thing that I've watched and it's not unlike what you just described. That's pretty common throughout male relationships that they will fight and be best friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so there's something about it. And my suspicion is it has to do with the discharge has to do with the physiological you let every single bit out, you're done. There's nothing left.
Gwenevere Abriel: And women don't do that. Unfortunately we can't
Galaxy A10e: We can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Like each other.
Galaxy A10e: Guys are crazy. Yeah, you guys, your woman to go to know low up is a woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Galaxy A10e: Was a woman or the
Gwenevere Abriel: Nasty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nasty creatures, but
Galaxy A10e: No, no, we will
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we never get to discharge and we never get that physiological thing where we scrap it out.
Galaxy A10e: Nice to chip on my you know my wife used to do. She's the way we get in a fight that she would wait until I'm going to sleep every night he would wait till I go to sleep, unless you're waking up early to talk now.
Galaxy A10e: Draw or not gonna talk also because I'm not really talking. I've asked you all didn't talk that she would do that every single time. So we go to sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, let's talk about what we just did. Number one, Sean, I want to give you props you tolerated confrontation. Just now I pressed very positive. And I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could have gotten pissed off and irritated at me. Do you know what you had to do. What skill you have to use in order to not get offended. What did you do
Galaxy A10e: With you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what you could have
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you do, what was there that you use.
Gwenevere Abriel: End up getting assembler
Galaxy A10e: Stanley
Gwenevere Abriel: You were seeking understanding. Maybe you were listening and seeking understanding is that a possibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a skill that's the one I'm trying to teach you right now. You did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch. Remember that that phrase I use and you'll hear it lots of times and you'll roll your eyes and you'll start getting annoyed with me and be like, What are you going to stop saying
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe it's so strongly that if I had a book that I can write it would be on this phrase shoes curiosity understanding over being right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And every chance you get
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll survive choose it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The massive positive impact that it has on your psychology on your ego strength watch if that was available to you as a skill when you make contact with your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope you remember it, but she
Galaxy A10e: Go. Soon as I hang up objection. I needed.
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice how you did it in real time and I checked in, what should she do you said I was kind of listening trying to understand which were taught. Right. I was seeking understanding you are busy psychologically defending against what I had to say. Put the guard down long enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: To listen
Gwenevere Abriel: You thought about it. Maybe there's something to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys may try something new. You may not right didn't remember the belly breathing your loss. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people, Sean. That's the one thing
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to go through years of therapy. That's the only thing they're going to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: It's that powerful, it's that
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I think you're the first counselor that like
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I mean, I don't know. I really don't. I was one of this guy over here. And he told me to stop points I stopped going over there to watch. I don't really. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's important. Sean is
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Find what it is about me, it's less about the blend of beer, but more about the quality. What is it, is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I know myself pretty well. I know a lot of times I'm a lot more playful than many
Galaxy A10e: Therapists you're good, you're good at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm good at it. Okay. Yeah, well good huh. Don't you think that therapist thinks they're good. Oh my goodness. It's like high interest so much as you
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Galaxy A10e: You got to be going to veer the great
Gwenevere Abriel: So I, my friend calls if they go into sphere.
Galaxy A10e: Sphere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sphere.
Galaxy A10e: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but, but the point is not a global word. It's more like member. It's the quality because you want to be a consumer, if you like yourself in here.
Hmm, I wasn't angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: My heart rate wasn't running my I wasn't grinding my teeth, my stomach wasn't turning my shoulders weren't tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had a little smile. I was interested in curious. My mind was very focused. I liked myself for 10 minutes. Why did I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was around someone who just, it's not just me. You look at the qualities that are here not only what you did what you saw here.
Gwenevere Abriel: The more you can label it. Is it sense of humor. Is it about a 40% confrontation specific words that one of your doesn't say, should that ought to have to. She's not bossy. She's confrontational. She does role play being able to label them, believe it or not, Sean will mean possibly
Gwenevere Abriel: That outside in the real world, you're going to recognize them and people
Gwenevere Abriel: In a friend in your children. Right. And you go, hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to spend time with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just that simple. They are who they are and I like who I am, when I'm around them. They bring out the best in me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why wouldn't you want to be around healthy people. I think I'm melting. So I want to be around people to bring out the best in me so you become a consumer of what you recognize in here. You like yourself in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it, what am I doing what is she doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, I saw it in a friend of mine. I thought maybe I'll ask him out for for for dinner one night I'll hang out with him. See if there's more that
Gwenevere Abriel: So that we start bringing into our lives toxic negative people, much like the models that we grew up with. Nope, I need to recognize maybe in the therapeutic relationship. Sometimes I'm the only one. They've got for a while where it's healthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's unconditionally accepting you threaten you want to kill me going to have to do something about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I got a limit. I got a boundary there.
Galaxy A10e: As somebody every friend you
Galaxy A10e: Know, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm being funny, but you get it.
Galaxy A10e: Right, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, be a look at what you see in here. And then notice it in people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I want you to have more and more moments where you're curious, we're having to be right.
Galaxy A10e: Nice. It was people
Gwenevere Abriel: And remember the delivery. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I do feel pretty strongly about it, but I've learned it from you guys, because this is the one that helps the remember the fancy stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take, let's take irritation with Mother. Let's take that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so she's in the other room or you want to have. It's a sound or it's whatever it is.
Galaxy A10e: No, she does what she does. This is what she really does she if you see can be sitting there, you're talking to somebody. And if you say, hey, man, I'm doing really good
Galaxy A10e: And then you're doing good that she's gonna turn on. She's gonna say something bad about you and she's a start talking trash out of nowhere. She does it all the time. Everybody's like, She's real mean like she doesn't
Galaxy A10e: She doesn't say I love us. Yes. Yeah, that she's a real mean he, I mean I can explain it. She's been like that my whole life.
Galaxy A10e: Then my sister told me what she's had a hard life you know because she's used to be a lot or boyfriends and husbands, whatever. What I'm telling you. She's just always had some really bad to say about everything too late. If
Galaxy A10e: I can't stand it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are standing it
Galaxy A10e: You're here to
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, and it's affecting you. And when you can. I imagine you want to get some distance from that and move out.
Galaxy A10e: We'll see. I can move. All right, now I got the money to move out right now, but I want to get a car for you. So I'm waiting for my son is in that thing because I got the money to buy a car. So I'm gonna buy a car. They don't have about
Gwenevere Abriel: These issues, these dynamics that has to do with our caregivers, the people that raised us are easier when we're not living with them. So, the easier for us to be addressing those
Gwenevere Abriel: I I'm sorry that that was how you were raised sorry that pervert.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was your wounding, I'm really sorry that that well it's not all good. I
Galaxy A10e: Think I think I had a decent life boy we send a message violence going, Oh my gosh, it was like every week yet like that those blood flying people getting beat up every weekend girls.
Galaxy A10e: In yourself on. Yeah, because I don't drink alcohol because of that. That's all reason i don't i don't really care for alcohol is because of all the stuff I've seen growing up.
Gwenevere Abriel: As all of the treatment I find tobacco.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not, I would I find it. Those too difficult to treat.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, you don't trip on like the they don't want to legalize weed, but the alcohols legal like, that's crazy all calls way worse. I mean, like, oh, that blows my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's poison.
Galaxy A10e: And there's yeah there's millions of people out there. They're like to smoke weed, you know, I mean, but you're going to tell them that here. We're going to lock you up for years because you'd like to me that's not
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all about the Benjamins
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, right. The
Gwenevere Abriel: Money.
Yeah, it is. Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Well, I don't want to get up. So just, yeah. My mom really bugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's why don't we use it. See if you could do it just to really get clear on this.
Galaxy A10e: One I
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to think about just this one thing you just did today. If you were to
Gwenevere Abriel: Soon as she says, For nastiness. She gonna change by the way that's going to be right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right so
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do it without the funny looking lips, but you can do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you still look good.
Galaxy A10e: You still
Galaxy A10e: You
Galaxy A10e: Still a good
Galaxy A10e: Don't worry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Legitimately have something to make fun of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing. Okay. But guess what,
Gwenevere Abriel: That blood is going to get back to your brain. And then you're going to remember what's the phrase.
Gwenevere Abriel: Choose curiosity over being right. You might remember it.
Galaxy A10e: She was curiosity over be right and understanding over being right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I understand over being right. I understand. Okay, so here's happening mom's being mean it's happening right now. I just remembered it. I did my breathing. I brought that arrow down to the bottom of my lungs it
Galaxy A10e: Pulled the Vegas break
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the message of the Vegas nerve. Hey, it's just my mom doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything. We're not in danger. She's just unkind. I'm okay, what's the thing I gotta remember to
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right. Then she's being me. Do you know
Your next
Galaxy A10e: Show is walk away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Walk away is a great one.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it gets one. Look, I'm walking
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I getting any more understanding about her.
Galaxy A10e: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. But first, to walk because if before we were like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Time it years about this morning. I don't know what you actually do in real time but walking away could be a great first step.
Galaxy A10e: But better
Gwenevere Abriel: Yet, don't mess with me now so
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't get understanding that way either.
Galaxy A10e: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You want her to feel the pain to my customer that doesn't get you understanding what does. And I know this is next level. If you can at least do the belly breathing and remember this phrase.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a month's worth of accomplishment. I'm not kidding you can do those two things. Bam. Gold reached
Galaxy A10e: Your next
Gwenevere Abriel: Next levels, this, this is the kind of level that some people are doing. They're doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: My hands are down. I don't have anything to defend already know what's up with her right this. I've been doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know how this is going to go, Mom, what's going on with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Should be like a weirdo, she can walk out the room herself, something's going to change when you put your guard down
Gwenevere Abriel: What's really going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm feeling pretty good about my success. Feeling pretty proud of it. This is hard work harder than I thought.
Galaxy A10e: And that's where she will step in and start talking right there when you're when you're talking about. You're doing good, and they'll probably start doing stuff that you that
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a direct contrast this is this is asking her, this is seeking understand what's going on for you, Mom. When I talk about my my success.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's seeking understanding. I didn't say you're going to do it this week. You remember the belly breathing where that air goes in the long you expand here. That means our body is relaxed enough. Can you have PTSD, dude. Okay, you get hot and alerted by
Galaxy A10e: Potato chip bags. Yeah, yeah. She
Galaxy A10e: She really your deep end of the chips. I want to tell them, just grab a chip already bow. Yeah, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: You could have your own mean
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. Are you looking for one of their
Galaxy A10e: Eat a bag.
Galaxy A10e: Be the struggles I don't like
Galaxy A10e: Like people scary me oh I want to fight with words might do that to be there do work late
Galaxy A10e: To rise it they don't do that again go join right now.
Galaxy A10e: That's
Galaxy A10e: Like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel like, uh huh, yeah. A Chip. Chip.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ain't nobody gonna hurt you with a chip, but
Gwenevere Abriel: But this experience for you is very distressing. It is very distressing for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're certain sounds
Gwenevere Abriel: Awesome, and that we can we can do work around that right now. I want to keep using the broken record approach and repeat, repeat, repeat,
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, over the branding free
Gwenevere Abriel: Belly breaths. The key is the big
Galaxy A10e: Cues curiosity over being right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do that this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens, see what happens.
Galaxy A10e: I'm not saying, George.
Galaxy A10e: Real curious.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you do
Galaxy A10e: We'll see.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's about you feeling better in each day.
Galaxy A10e: Okay there you guys on lockdown over there in
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're talking about kids being out of school. Yes, they are here.
Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, we are here. Now, what about, like, God, the government shut down all the energy
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not a news Watcher. This way I can maintain my colleague
Disposition
Gwenevere Abriel: Otherwise, I think I would be more upset. But yeah, I said, turn the news on
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I turned out to watch it, too, because I've been on it's a watch. I don't, I don't really trust it is. I don't like
Galaxy A10e: Like they're just no matter what they're always in the cops. It builds a culture wrong. That's what bugs me there. The cop shoots me clearly he did wrong, you got it on video, and they'll still choose to the site.
Galaxy A10e: It's crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, like, okay.
Galaxy A10e: I was wondering if you guys were on lockdown like out here. If you ever lived out here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I went out there for a couple years.
Galaxy A10e: Did you do you like it.
Galaxy A10e: Better than for Florida sounds badass shit.
Galaxy A10e: I was we were there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't a good fit for me it
Galaxy A10e: Was good wasn't a good fit for me. I'll dig it is for me either.
Galaxy A10e: Honey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about the next time we're meeting. Okay. All right.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to this spot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to go with
Galaxy A10e: This product.
Galaxy A10e: On the weekend with us to help you get paid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you're funny. So before I knew that I had set someone out on that time spot.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's before
Galaxy A10e: So it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we moved it over just for next week to march 25 of Wednesday at nine. What would that be like
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, that's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay and then let me look
Galaxy A10e: The only way I can is if they called me up for business with you but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll tend to be days to do that.
Galaxy A10e: No, they this random. I have to call in every morning I go to get my number and then I will tell me I never know.
Galaxy A10e: just text me at night. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what I did is real quick I I put on March 31 just to protect that 9am spot on Tuesday again for you just to kind of or
Gwenevere Abriel: In place and I'll do if you want it recently and all keep kind of holding it. I'll put your name here so we can hold that spot so that
Galaxy A10e: That's all. Okay.
Galaxy A10e: All right, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Belly breathe curiosity over being right.
Galaxy A10e: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right on the back of your hand.
Galaxy A10e: You have a good one. Be safe out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: No matter what wash those hands.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, right. Drink lots of water. All right, bye.